It's 50 now.
Why does the impression of heaven and earth need to be broken through to be sent?
I am a true dragon
Heaven and earth are listening to my number, break it for me
Liang Haoxue is really the true dragon of the Lin family
How is that possible?
From ancient times to the present
All dragons are men
Never heard of a precedent for women?
Liang Haoxue resigned
Not only to prove that he is the true dragon of the Lin family
Open one for all women in the world
The unimagined path
We have always looked down on other women before
So I was wrong.
That's not possible.
It's the illusion you use
I'll break it for you right away.
Aoxue, now is the moment to prove you
For this moment
We've been waiting 18 years.
Ladies, please listen to the roar of the dragon